I166 (#170)
solid-software/solid_lints: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a rule prefer_guard_clause for reversing nested if statements (https://github.com/solid-software/solid_lints/issues/91)
- add exclude params support to avoid_returning_widgets rule (https://github.com/solid-software/solid_lints/issues/131)
- add quick fix to avoid_final_with_getter (https://github.com/solid-software/solid_lints/pull/164)
- Renamed `avoid_debug_print` to `avoid_debug_print_in_release`

> - Now, `avoid_debug_print_in_release` doesn't trigger if the `debugPrint` call is wrapped in a `!kReleaseMode` check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `avoid_debug_print_in_release` rule no longer reports a warning if the `debugPrint` call is wrapped in a `!kReleaseMode` check.
```
